hello welcome to the p2p this is the
last of the calls today um where we
discussed Lippe to be mostly from the
JavaScript beside the leave today is why
are you sleeping
nope David yes Wow and note taker is
going to be me great think I dropped an
IRC and David is take it away
you have to listen because you're the
first time thank you Richard um cool so
you don't see him but he's here Jeremy
yeah because my machine is just like
melting Oh like it freezes everything
and so journeys here and like so
Jennifer today very similar octo subject
today is very similar to just confess
we've been mostly working on getting the
inter up so getting it off but just as
the best means getting interrupted
between recruit appears which means the
second thing that's so that's if you
attend that just a business call you
already know if you haven't you can see
then the video and the notes afterwards
so yeah the other thing that has been
happening mostly on the go we boot
appeal and he's getting out the DHT
package we've been working on extracting
the DHT package a 2-liter beer and
someone who's looking on it yeah I
haven't been working on that that's been
somebody named George he's been hanging
out and doing a cool job doing stuff
with GX and yeah we're getting really
close to having it done
my wheels definite whoa that was just
something he wanted to do just came out
of the Woodworks and said hey this is
the thing I want to do know started
working on that and it's definitely like
something we want so it's really nice to
have
it'll make development on the DHT and
testing easier it'll also make the RNs
publish tool I make it easy for us to
you know make that build consistently so
it won't have to depend on going PFS
will be able to depend on just the
mechanism needs
du/dx does it mean that we are going to
get like there's nothing cool that PRS
and supporting IP respirators of the HD
no no we're just exactly is she good
that's there okay doesn't change Oh
any question on this all right yeah
what's the name of the package that
there's being what's the repost me I
tried that 200 did you find it and drop
it in the the notes
sure thanks all right so so yeah those
are things again like short meeting
everybody's pretty focused on so that we
ship some things instead of spending
energy in a pants and just drag it up we
should have the interrupt things
finished today or tomorrow depending if
we can nail down and activity precisely
what is the error that we are getting
and from that other things will happen
yeah try to make today what other things
other things so I getting the like so
getting they ended up then will mean
that like we'll merge all of the
freaking pool requests for post frames
finally and we will release that and
we'll get to merge the pool requests for
pool streams on GF gfs the other thing
that will start happening once that's
done is getting the dumb version of
pub/sub we talked about it during the
weekend we can make like a very simple
pub/sub implementation that doesn't care
about at reforming but this offer the
semantics that people are looking for so
they're like like orbit can start like
you use pub/sub and I not have to rely
on reddit right now the only centralized
component in orbit as to use is really
ready and it's because of the pub/sub
and that's because there is no pubsub
API nor semantics if I meant it but if
we do a pub sub that's like floating the
network very much like what beats what
does we can get that done and we can
like make the orbits more nice and I
keep anyone else wants to build up so I
carve it they don't have to deploy a
ready service server in order for the
charities to work so so yeah that's the
that will come once the drop is done it
sounds like you have a good idea of what
that basic pub/sub api will look like
you have a spec written note for that we
don't we don't have a spec for the folks
at API we don't have a very good idea we
have a very good intuition which is what
will come in the code but we we don't
essentially we want to get to try with
that before entering in full bike
sharing mode and it's going to be more
like implement the first version again
it's going to be a dump pops up that
pops and means it's not going to be
public scales like two thousand dollars
of notes because it's going to flood the
network it's going to be very expensive
in bandwidth but it's going to offer the
API calls that are required for it to
work
let's watch Superman at first and see
all the other endeavors around pops up
memory the way to review the
architecture design Nikola is also
coming from vacation soon which will
mean like someone will have will have
more capacity to tackle the part of with
to review and interface design and also
Gavin has been working on the pub/sub
test that you already can expand
thousands of nodes and he is improving
their code base so yeah like there is
these three things being developed in
parallel and we are now more focused on
getting it done and ready and like being
able to tinker with it then going into
the rabbit hole or by checking into any
interface without testing it first
that's pretty much it so cool yeah I
didn't mean like a whole freaking spec
like you know RFC compatible I met just
like any issue where you can maybe help
but if you think it's gonna be easier if
we don't discuss that stuff and you just
go ahead and do it then we get over
later yeah like don't you yeah
so I can also do that for people like to
follow definitely some the good idea
we are just like trying to use our time
very efficiently like specifically these
couple of weeks yeah so that that's more
my concerns anything else you can we can
about with anything else what about with
so there is like one of the pull
requests on post streams as some notes
about using post rains and like if you
could review the that part in the remain
because it look like some like a couple
of paragraphs we added explaining why we
are using post streams pointing it to
the post rim discussion and explaining
how people can convert a post stream to
it not jet stream so that don't feel but
they have to whirlpool streams in order
to use them to use those modules if you
could like preview it's on the GSA PT PT
CP because we are going to copy by step
notes to all the other modules cool do
you need me to do anything you send me
to it that sounds great I'm happy to do
that I meant like in general is anything
anyone else can help out with well not
specifically one of the things that are
being done people are already like on
top of it and yeah it is always like if
you go to the cotton or the waffle board
or check the Help Wanted issues there's
always a bunch of stuff that people can
tackle those are open and again like we
are always trying to make sure that they
are documented and they explain what
needs to be done so if anyone that wants
to help on gsfs McRib in general has
that very open door for this like second
your problem and observe its Tala is
easy to rail someone else in so what's
first to get something working and then
people can like use it and thinker with
it and improve it that's great
thank you cool
I don't knows have any questions or
anything sweet I guess that's it for
this Cole um thanks a lot David Thank
You Jeremy and diggin Emily in that
thank y'all I think yeah I think that's
the last of the calls today so go forth
be fruitful and multiply a code mm-hm
thank you